New overload: implementing IModelCacheKeyFactory (#3305)
dotnet/EntityFramework.Docs: entity-framework/core/modeling/dynamic-model.md

[!code-csharp[Main](../../../samples/core/Modeling/DynamicModel/DynamicModelCacheKeyFactory.cs?name=DynamicModel)]

> If you have to support [Design-time DbContext creation](xref:core/cli/dbcontext-creation)(Needed by, for example, the Migration commands), you have to use the new overload for the Create method. As in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with EF Core 6 you have to implement the overload of the Create method that also handles design-time model caching. As in the following example:
```
